I am a student from Simon Fraser University who recently graduated with a bachelors degree majoring in Physics and minoring in Nuclear Science, with a certificate in Computing Studies.

Towards the end of my degree I became interested in Data Analytics as a career path. I have a lot of data analysis experience using Python, from my physics labs, however it was in the context of scientific research, not business analytics. I have also taken several computer science courses which is how I earned the Computing Studies certificate in addition to my degree. I have an interest and am skilled in mathematics, having taken many math courses for my Physics degree. Some of the skills that I used the most during my degree, and that I think will be useful to me as a data analyst, are: problem solving, attention to detail, verbal and written communication, and teamwork.

I wanted to choose a career path in a field where I could use my interests and my skills, and Data Analytics seems to be a field that fits those criteria for me.

Outside of school, I have completed a four-week Data Analysis Hands-on Training where I learned to use the IBM SPSS software and I practiced giving presentations on group data analysis projects. I have also passed the SAS Base Programming Specialist performance-based exam where I earned the SAS Certified Specialist: Base Programming with SAS 9.4 certificate. Also, I have completed the Google Data Analytics professional certificate where I learned to use SQL for querying databases, Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets for Data Analyis, R for data analysis and visualizations, and Tableau for creating data visualizations and dashboards. In addition to that I have completed several more certificates and online courses related to data analysis, data science, and software developement.

This repository contains some examples of the data analysis projects I have done outside of school and an example of a project I did as a physics student which involved data collection and analysis.
